Draft RFP-013 (#22)
protocol/research-grants: RFPs/DRAFT-rfp-013-cryptonet-network-grant.md

> # RFP-013: Cryptonet Network Grant

Reviewer: Are we calling them network grants or microgrants? The cryptonet website says the latter. I prefer the former, given these aren't microgrants (e.g. per FIL's definition, up to $5k).

@rosariogennaro ?

Reviewer: Also still pending, this passage in the Cryptonet website:
>An exception to the budget limit will be made for postdoc applications.

Reviewer 2: Reverted to Network Grants and removed the mention of "exception". Cryptonet Website will be updated

A network grant is a mid-size funding instrument intended to stimulate research on cryptographic problems arising from Web3 applications, such as the ones listed below. We encourage applications that span the entire range of research projects: from theoretical foundational questions, to applied implementation and experimental efforts. 

CryptoNet will fund grants in the following areas: 

- SNARKs
- Vector Commitments
- Multiparty Computation
- Threshold Cryptography
- Decentralized and anonymous authentication
- Fully Homomorphic Encryption
- Security against Rational Adversaries
- Quantum Resistant Cryptography
- Proofs of Space

Funds can be used to support graduate students, the summer salaries of university faculty, travel to conferences and meetings, participation in summer schools and Web3 events, fellowships for graduate students and postdocs. 

> ## Scope of this RFP
> 
> The goal of this RFP is to fund research that addresses one or more of the open problems above while meeting the requirements/constraints of the overall project and driving progress towards the goals. Proposals should seek to maintain compatibility with portions of the solution that they do not replace or improve upon.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## RFP Details

### Application deadline

> **Rolling**: we will be reviewing applications in batches corresponding to calendar months. The call will close on **September 30, 2022**, or earlier if awarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rolling**: we will be reviewing applications in batches corresponding to calendar months. The call will close on **July 30, 2023**, or earlier if the allocated funding is exhausted.
```

> ### Recommended team
>  
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Award

> Commensurate with scope, up to USD 35k per award. We expect the typical grant to last one year (with possible renewal) and be funded on average $25,000. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commensurate with scope, up to $35,000 per award. We expect the typical grant to last one year (with possible renewal) and be funded on average $25,000. 
```

### Payout schedule

> 60% upon award and 40% on completion (adjustable to accommodate institutional requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paid upon award.
```

There's no point in incurring the overhead of two payments for a $25,000 grant.

### Point of contact

> **(TAG Rosario)**. We encourage you to reach out to research-grants@protocol.ai or visit #lobby in the Cryptonet Discord **(LINK?)** if you are considering applying or have any questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@rosariogennaro. We encourage you to reach out to research-grants@protocol.ai or visit #lobby in the Cryptonet Discord **(LINK?)** if you are considering applying or have any questions.
```
